2018 wasn't that long ago but it felt like its been forever already. It may have been the best year of my life but certainly
summer and fall term were my happiest terms. We spent almost every second possible together and I had a lot of fun
with you. Look at how hapy we are in the photos haha :) Looking back I can still feel the happiness and you are
the only reason I can feel joy being in loo. But of course, good times always come to an end. You got a job in 
Singapore and thats when everything started...

These are photos I got while you were in Singapore. They are my favourite photos of yours. You look so pretty and
cute, and I LOVE your smile as I always have. Im still sad that the trip during reading week never happened. I
really wanted that trip to happen. I am glad that you had a lot of fun working in Singapore though, I was very 
happy for you. You travelled around and made couple close friends while I suffered in school. I missed you
a lot like a lot...

I am heartbroken. We dont have any photos together during this so time so I put some of my other favourite photos.
You said our feelings arent deep but I dont think you realized how much I loved you. I have never felt more lonely
then the times when we werent friends at all. When you said I made you uncomfortable, I felt really bad because
that was the last thing I wanted to do to you. It pushed you away and then you told William everything. When you
said we cant be friends anymore let alone being close, I broke. I cried a lot of the nights. I see that you are
purposely excluding me from all the hangouts, conversations, and just from your life in general, I dont know how
to handle myself. I am so scared I will lose you in my life forever. I start to question and felt I lost
purpose in my life. I dont know what I can do but I do know I want you in my life. I am determined to rebuild our
friendship. Im not looking forward to school in Sept because I know I wont get to spend time with you or you wouldnt
even want to talk to me. I will try everything I can. I have not given up on our friendship.